welcome back everyone today we are going
to take a look at 2010 american horror
film called the final the movie begins
as a girl in a hood enters a diner she
goes to the counter and orders a meal
the waitress notes her order but then
when she looks at her face her
expression changes she catches herself
staring a moment later and ships her
gaze the girl pulls her hand out of her
pocket to put the money on the counter
which reveals that she's missing two
fingers after that she goes to sit at a
table but all heads seem to be turning
as they notice her face unable to take
it she flips the table over in
frustration and yells at them telling
them to stop staring and runs out
next we're taken to the high school
bradley enters his classroom and takes a
seat behind a timid kid named ravi
bradley slaps ravi's head and starts
bullying him the teacher notices this
and tells bradley to change seats with
bernard however bernard turns out to be
just another friend of bradley's as he
takes a seat behind ravi he slaps his
head as well
next we're introduced to the popular
girls heather bridget and kelly as they
walk down the hallway they find a girl
called emily next to her locker they
surround her and start bullying her when
she asks why they're always so mean they
remark that they're nothing but honest
feeling extremely hurt emily pushes her
way past them and leaves near a secluded
house in the woods dane is checking the
bear traps laid out on the lawn a war
veteran parker who lives near the
property approaches him and asks him
about his uncle werkley dane tells him
that his uncle died and left the house
to him parker pays him his condolences
he tells him he'll be there for him if
he needs anything and leaves at night
while emily is sitting in her room she
gets a call from ravi she tells him
she's watching a movie he sent and
remarks it's gruesome and disgusting
hence perfect the next day at school the
outcasts sit at a table discussing their
plans for revenge the populace who's
sitting at the next table throw a milk
carton at them they cheer and laugh as
the milk splatters all over the outcasts
rabby grabs the carton and goes to their
table he simply puts it in front of
bernard who again ridicules him the
others burst out and laughter feeling
greatly embarrassed ravi walks away
curtis a likable student and inspiring
actor goes to the outcast table he
excitedly tells him he has an upcoming
shoot and invites them to come the
outcasts congratulate him and seem happy
for him curtis then asks ravi if he can
bring his camera and do behind the
scenes shot for him which ravi gladly
agrees to do as he walks away the
outcasts collectively decide that curtis
isn't one of the bad ones and he must
not be part of the revenge
as heather is getting ready in her room
her friends learn through a text message
on her phone that she's hooking up with
tommy a guy who's in a relationship with
another classmate called nadia when they
ask heather about it she tells him to
strictly keep it a secret they cheer her
on and laugh about it while he's at the
shoot with curtis ravi heads out and
cleans his camera lens bradley and
bernard see him there and start bullying
him bernard holds him back as bradley
takes his camera and breaks it dane
comes out a moment later and sees it
trashed in disbelief he asks if they
trashed it bradley tells him they did
and grabs him intimidatingly asking what
he's going to do about it he then tells
him he does this to them since he knows
they can't stop him the bullies laugh
and joke as they head out dame puts ravi
on the shoulder telling them their time
will come the next day at school ravi
apologizes to curtis for not being able
to do the shoot as he asked curtis tells
him it wasn't his fault and then goes to
bradley confronting him and telling him
to leave rabby alone they both end up in
a physical fight which the whole school
watches while cheering as his parents
are heard fighting in the background
dane puts a gun to his head unable to
take the agony of life anymore however
he decides against it soon after and
tells himself he'll not be afraid ravi
sits at the table with his estranged
family the silence and lack of comfort
and compassion cutting into him like a
knife while jack's father is working on
his car jack tells him he's leaving but
the father doesn't even care as much to
humor him with a response jack meets up
with dane and they both prepare their
guns at night the outcasts sit around a
bonfire discussing their troubling lives
and their family problems they express
their happiness as they remark that all
their problems will end soon
next we're taken to dane's house in the
woods where the outcasts have arranged a
costume party for the bullies the
outcasts stand in a circle holding hands
praying to god to give them a sign if
they should stop when nothing happens
they put on their masks and head out to
the main room students start slowly
pouring in and the whole place becomes
lively with music and excited shrieks
they notice curtis has also come to the
party ravi tells them he'll go talk to
him but dane refuses to let him he says
if he came he shall stay he then
declares its time and tells the boys no
one must leave they then lace the punch
bowl with a drug meant to induce
drowsiness as the partying people drink
it up they slowly start falling asleep
one by one the outcasts get out of their
costume and get into different menacing
ones the car keys of the students are
collected and put away they go outside
where all the sleeping students have
laid down on the ground dane uses a
high-pitched frequency note to wake them
up the bullies thus wake up to find
themselves in chains they start taking
in their surroundings and confusion
wondering what's happening to them using
a voice manipulator the mass dane
declares their intention to make them
suffer a fate worse than death as
revenge for the years they have suffered
from bullying a student called miles
makes a witty remark making the others
laugh at a response he is shot by the
outcast with a cattle gun in the knee
and in the face the laughter immediately
dies down and fear and desperation take
its place on the student's face as the
terrified students start crying dane
tauntly says they must understand the
seriousness of the situation now he then
asks if anyone wants to leave tommy
raises his hand and asks to take his
girlfriend nadia with him dane says
he'll go alone and has his change
removed tommy is led to the door and
told that he is free to leave he tells
nadia he loves her and promises to bring
back help as he heads out
once he's left dane tells his girlfriend
nadia that she must believe her
boyfriend loves her immensely he then
tells her that that's not the case as he
reveals that he had been cheating on her
with heather heather looks back at nadia
not saying a word thus confirming it as
tommy is running through the woods to
get to safety the outcasts give chase
tommy catches his foot in a bear trap
and collapses the severely injured tommy
is then brought back by the outcast and
placed in a room next to miles on the
floor
bradley starts bawling and says they're
all go to hell as a response dane tells
them he's already there indicating his
life has been made into a living hell by
these bullies
dane then tells jack to play his banjo
for the bullies as a treat ravi takes a
vial in hand and approaches bernard with
it bernard starts cursing and swearing
at him in frustration earning him a
knife in the shoulder as bernard screams
in agony ravi pours the liquid in his
mouth as a result bernard collapses to
the ground and starts having convulsions
a moment later his movements stop ravi
takes off the restraints and lays his
arms by his side when he passes by
curtis on his way back he throws a key
beside him dane explains that bernard
has now been paralyzed he can't move but
he'll feel everything they do to him
emily then approaches bernard with
needles and straddles him she shows him
the pin to everyone before pushing it
into bernard's flesh she continues this
for a while pushing one needle at a time
his body convulsing with each attack at
the end she pushes a whole bunch into
his chest she then gets up and takes a
bow before she leaves bernard's body is
then taken away to the other hurt one a
masked andy then roams the area with an
axe trying to choose his next victim
curtis manages to free himself on the
restraints and makes a run for it dane
tries to shoot him but ravi tackles him
to the ground dane overpowers ravi and
pulls off his mask ravi says the curtis
never hurt them instead he stood up for
them but dane tells him he has betrayed
the group and then drives a knife into
his chest killing him instantly the
other outcast gets shocked upon
witnessing this emily rushes to ravi's
side and condensed dane dane simply
declares that none of them are free of
the consequences from their actions
curtis rushes outside and finds a deputy
in the woods he asks him for help
however the deputy is shortly killed by
one of the outcasts curtis takes the
deputy's gun and runs away andy and jack
who are now chasing curtis approach the
deputy on their vehicles back in the
house emily is sitting beside ravi's
body laid on a bed as jack comes inside
emily says dane did not have the right
to do this but jack says they have to
finish what they started heather is now
gagged and restrained to a chair at the
front emily smears a corrosive compound
on her face as dane explains how it was
slowly painfully eat at her flesh
andy informs dane about the deputy who
makes the announcement in a taunting way
saying curtis wanted to get help but
failed bradley calls dana coward for
hiding behind a mask dane approaches him
and tells him that it's actually a
representation of what he made them into
a monster bradley asked to see his face
to which dane pulls off his mask saying
he must know who changed his life
forever dane then tells him that he
wanted to live his whole life in
darkness but by not letting him do that
bradley actually empowered him while
running curtis comes across parker's
house he begs for help however seeing
the gun in curtis's hand parker refuses
to trust him and knocks him out emily
then approaches her next victim bradley
bradley starts begging her not to hurt
him a guy in a corner riggs tells
bradley not to give them the pleasure by
begging but the terrified bradley
continues to beg bridget tells emily
that she knows who she is emily pulls
off her mask and the other outcasts
follow her pulling off their masks as
well bridget apologizes to emily for the
way that she mistreated her as a result
emily tells her that she'll spare her if
she cuts off bradley's fingers bridgette
has now been restrained to the chair by
the outcasts they urge bradley to cut
off her fingers threatening him with a
gun bridgette begs him not to but he
tells her he has to for if he doesn't
they'll hurt him instead emily then gags
bridget as bradley cuts off one of her
fingers the outcasts look at him
enjoying their pain and fear dane tells
bradley he knew he could hurt someone to
save his own skin and urges him to
proceed bradley cuts off another finger
as bridget lets out muffled screams
emily then leans down and tells bridget
that to save herself from all this pain
all she has to do is inflict it on
someone else she asks her if she'll do
it to which bridgette nods after a
little bit more pushing from curtis
parker decides to leave him restrained
in the house and go investigate dane's
house himself bridgette now sits beside
bradley who's restrained to the chair
when she hesitates to cut his fingers
dane tells emily to give her a bit of
inspiration emily approaches bridget
with the corrosive compound and smears
it over half her face saying if she cuts
bradley's fingers off she'll remove the
compound before it starts to eat away at
her face
bridget puts the cutter to bernard's
finger but then drops it saying she
can't do this emily tells her she'll now
have to suffer for her decision as the
compound slowly starts burning her skin
parker roams the wood near dame's house
looking for suspicious activity when he
suddenly falls into a trap which makes a
board of knives pierced through his
thighs he wails in pain attracting the
attention of an outcast who had been
keeping watch outside back at parker's
curtis manages to free himself he grabs
a gun and calls the cops over saying
there's been a robbery at danes he then
rushes out to danes himself we're then
taken back to the woods where parker has
somehow managed to kill the outcast and
is now crawling away bridget drops to
the ground her face now totally burnt by
the corrosive she's then pulled away to
be placed by the other victims dane then
approaches bradley on the chair and
tells him that they couldn't think of a
punishment that faked his crimes no
matter what he thought of he wouldn't be
satisfied but he had finally found a
suitable punishment
bradley attempts to apologize but dane
doesn't budge he places a knife at
bradley's back and tells him that he'll
neither enjoy playing his favorite games
again nor will he ever enjoy the
pleasure of sex he then digs the knife
into bradley's back servering his spinal
cord thus paralyzing him from below the
waist an outcast finds the one killed by
jack laying deadman in the woods a few
feet ahead he sees parker similarly
laying on the ground he kicks him to see
if he's alive but his body appears to be
lifeless he leans beside him and tries
to have a look at his face but parker
stabs and kills him while dane is making
another speech about how the events of
this night will change them and live on
forever riggs gets enraged and starts
throwing insults at the outcasts
infuriated by his behavior the outcasts
surround riggs as dane declares him the
next victim
curtis finds parker leaning by a tree
and asks him if he's okay parker tells
him not to worry about him and go save
the kids that are being held captive
just as andy and jack are about to cut
off rick's tongue curtis barred jim with
the gun telling them to stop dane tells
curtis to go away say they don't have an
issue with him curtis tells dane he's
been his friend for a long time but he
can't let him do this since riggs
doesn't deserve it dane remarks that he
does and orders annie to proceed but
curtis puts a bullet inside andy thus
killing him dane shoots curtis in the
shoulder and then approaches him with
the gun aimed at him just as he's about
to kill him emily shoots him dead and
declares she's had enough jack
approaches her saying he feels the same
emily gives him the gum and they hug
emily then turns to kelly still sitting
amidst the others unharmed she tells her
she just wanted to be friends and then
turns standing with her back to jack
jack puts the gun to her head and shoots
just then the police enter the house and
tell jack to drop his gun jack puts the
gun in his temple and tells the cops
there are more of them out in the woods
the cops tell him not to do this saying
they can work something out but jack
shoots himself and the screen fades out
a media reporter is then seen reporting
the incident as a group of high
schoolers kidnapping and hurting their
fellow mates without reason curtis is
seeing walking on school grounds with a
plastered arm a traumatized kelly
decides to commit suicide and the girl
from the beginning is revealed to be
bridget drop a comment below letting me
know how you found the video make sure
to like subscribe and ring the
notification bell thanks for watching
guys